Long-Term Vision
Galactic Mining Club aims to become the leader in NFT technologies.  Pushing the limits of what is possible and raising the bar for what future NFTs bring to the ecosystem. All powered  with the most efficient green technology. To keep innovating in sustainable and unique ways to bring more liquidity and better tools that will benefit the broader Community .

Introduction

   Cryptocurrency mining is the competitive process that verifies and adds new transactions to the blockchain for a cryptocurrency that uses the proof-of-work (PoW) method. The miner that is selected is rewarded with some amount of the currency and/or transaction fees. Currently, there is a stigma that cryptocurrency mining is harmful to the environment due to its high energy requirement and powerful computers needed to process transactions.

Staking 
   The Galactic Mining Club Will use funds from our NFT sale to expand our mining operations to create a constant flow of liquidity into the ecosystem. NFT holders will be able to stake NFTs and receive a sustainable yet varying apy rate that will be based on mining algorithms that’s automatically adjust to market conditions. This helps prevent big drops in the value of staking apys. 

Ex. When the price of bitcoin drops dramatically mining algorithms lower the difficulty level of mining allowing more Satoshis to be rewarded for successful blocks.

Mining difficulty adjustments are made by comparing the standard time it should take to find 2,016 blocks of transactions on the Bitcoin network to the time it took to find the last 2,016 blocks. Keep in mind that the accepted block time is 10 minutes. Therefore, the expected time for mining 2016 blocks is 20,160 minutes (that is, 2016 X 10 minutes).
The network calculates the total time it takes to mine the last 2,016 blocks. The ratio of the standard 20,160 minutes (10 minutes x 2,016 blocks) to the time it took to scale the last difficulty epoch is then multiplied by the most recent difficulty level. The calculation yields a result that will determine the required percentage change in the mining difficulty that will bring the block time to the desired 10 minutes.
While a 10-minute block time is the goal, the mining difficulty cannot be altered above or below four times the current difficulty level. The upper limit for each difficulty epoch is a +300% change, while the lower is a -75% alteration. This rule is put in place to eliminate any abrupt changes in mining difficulty


Our staking apys will closely follow the rate of mining rewards ensuring as long as underlying token is being used or bought we will produce a reliable source of income for staking apys. Diversifying our mining nodes and creating validator nodes on POS ecosystems further  will help create more reliable and sustainable sources for staking.

NFT’ collateralized loans

Your Galactic Mining NFT can also be used as an investment tool. When you stake your NFT you will have an option to take out a collateralized loan on your NFTs future yield. The club will charge a 4% fee for borrowed assets. Earned staking apy will automatically pay down loans for borrowers .  Borrowers can also add assets to manually pay down loans. 
Borrowers can borrow up to 60% of the value of their deposited value. Liquidations will commence  at a 90% tvl. Where deposited assets will become part of the clubs treasury.
 
Swap dex-  
As we bring more non native assets to the ecosystem, users will need a quick and easy place to swap non native assets for native assets. The Galactic swap will make this possiblrvce. Trade bitcoin for juno or kda for osmo easily all in one place.


Liquidity pools
 
   As the project grows and creates a diverse portfolio of assets for the treasury and its users the Galactic Mining Club  will open up the Galactic farm where users can easily swap tokens or provide liquidity for multiple assets held by the club. All swapping fees will be used to reward liquidity providers creating a low yet sustainable apy.

All assets bought by the Galactic Mining Club will be 100% owned by the NFT holders. All rights to any miners purchased by the club belong to the NFT holders. If a holder chooses to sell their NFT, they sell their right to vote in the Galactic Mining Club addition to any other benefits that NFT comes with. NFT holders who provide liquidity will receive a larger percentage of trading fee or a boosted apy.
The Galactic Mining Club may choose to incentivize certain pools with better apys by writing and submitting a proposal that can be voted on by anyone hold a club NFT. Incentives may come from any other service that produces revenue for the project such as mining and borrowing fees from collateralized loans. Time frames may vary depending on the proposal and will be totally up to the proposal writer and community voting. Any incentives found to be harmful, unfair, or not beneficial to broader Community may be reversed.

NFT Utility
●	GENISIS NFT
○	1 votes per NFT

○	Access to the Galactic Mining Club DAO
○	Access to facility stats on our website including amount and type of miners owned, operating expenses, and more
○	Airdrops
○	Auto Whitelist for  Galactic Mining mint.
○	Ability to write proposals for future operations and ventures

●	Galactic Miner NFT
○	1 vote per NFT
○	Access to Galactic Mining Club DAO
○	Access to facility stats on our website including amount and type of miners owned, operating expenses, and more
○	Equal % of ownership anything purchased by the club.
○	Ability to write proposals for future operations and ventures

